Hey,
Danny Couser: Kind of
Danny Couser: Going through it with my girlfriend. I've been with for
Danny Couser: 11 months.
Danny Couser: I didn't even know what the heck a narcissist was until she said I was, I kind of looked into
Danny Couser: That said, but I was reading some stuff online. It's like, it's totally fair to it.
It's her
Danny Couser: Yeah, it's like it's explained to her like the most like DETAIL, DETAIL possible way. But you know, it's not just one thing that I raised, like, you know,
Danny Couser: The plus Valentine's Day and all this.
Danny Couser: Been damn a mom's last four or five days.
Danny Couser: Just I've literally had like blocker on my phone because this may she said like seven text.
Danny Couser: Stop saying you know I'm this and I'm that I don't know.
Danny Couser: I can talk for hours about this, but
Danny Couser: This feels like maybe
Danny Couser: It's a makeup breakout game with her, but this time might be maybe the time. I don't know. Just don't if this feels like in a bad way.
Shawn Phalen: Have you been through this before.
Danny Couser: Many times account, but I always just had to like Asher get over this morning because I know that will make it, you know, but the thing she's saying this time around, or like, you know, I mean, like, I don't know. But the fact is that texting.
Danny Couser: Really
Danny Couser: Screwed with my head because
He wants to be with her.
Danny Couser: Overall,
Danny Couser: freakin toxic. I mean her dad just passed two weeks ago and she's a tough girl put put that way. I've
Danny Couser: Seen her cheer up a handful of times
Danny Couser: She buries everything. Yeah.
Danny Couser: It's a delay kind of a this lashing out at me because of the dead passing, you know,
Danny Couser: Ever since that happened. It's literally like every single day over anything and everything. I mean, like,
Danny Couser: Hey, I can. There's so many crazy thing that started the whole flight and day and I can't remember specific one to give example early
Danny Couser: Oh, she thought I was yelling at some girl while I was at work, saying, what's up on me. I guess I get dialed in, and didn't know it.
Danny Couser: And she sat there and listened for a few minutes and what I said is, what's that money to my supervisors.
Danny Couser: You know, and she's like, Oh yeah, for sure. You know, it's like you're really gonna lie right to my face. I'm like, I'm not like I swear I honestly shot. I've never in my life.
Danny Couser: dyslexic. Any girl I've ever stayed with it. And it's like, I've always been accused in it, though. I don't know why it's just because I wish I knew. So I changed it because it's the most frustrating thing in the world. And some of you won't believe for the life
Shawn Phalen: You know, sometimes it has nothing to do with you and everything to do
Danny Couser: With them.
Shawn Phalen: insecurities around
You know, being in a relationship, fear of being cheated on
You know, so if she is really a Narcissus Narcissus can be difficult to be with
Danny Couser: That never even shift.
Danny Couser: Had a pretty like crazy girlfriend. I graduated high school, you know, right after graduating
Danny Couser: With did that for like a year and a half, two years.
Danny Couser: But she's not even like
Danny Couser: 25% to my current girlfriend extra
Danny Couser: Sugar hundred percent
Danny Couser: I choose your squad mean is Nancy just blow, blow type of like me. She is like always just saying that I gotta try making boundaries.
Danny Couser: You know, as a matter what unless you don't plan on ever talking to you. Do not say, you know, this or this or that, you know, Kennan once I said the very next night. That's the first thing she says, and she said it was that conviction and belief, you know, and
Danny Couser: And I like, I can't do much with that.
Danny Couser: But that's a good day.
Danny Couser: You say again, you broke up. I said, I'm stopped.
Danny Couser: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: And
Shawn Phalen: Does she have a history of
Substance
Danny Couser: Neither i know i mean like you never did anything me, Steve smoke pot every now and again you know you know that she's also she's 45 I'm 32 to an age gap. You know, it's kind of big, but I mean, I don't know, just
Danny Couser: Either way,
Danny Couser: I feel like she uses that against me, because the things like freaking out because
Danny Couser: Because I didn't show her my bank statement because they could show my temporary card. Same with a different account or whatever. But I had like a week or my first paycheck and such like that. So every guy that that my ex.
Danny Couser: Like, what's wrong with you, like, but when you're like you're having a meltdown over that. Like, I can't show it to you deleted the transaction. What do you go out for lunch every day at work. I'm like, well,
Danny Couser: Like I have 30 minutes for lunch break. I barely lunch should go in the bathroom before 30 minutes. You know, it's like if you think I'm going all over Dublin and
Danny Couser: So,
Danny Couser: Random commission. I just like I don't even know they kept like what, what the hell.
Danny Couser: Most fires. That's the exact spot.
Danny Couser: And it's like, does that whole theatrical crap isn't there, sister, and it's like I said I could just go on and on about entrepreneurship. I don't know what to do because I'm so sick of this and I need to like overalls, and this is like
Shawn Phalen: Is this. Do you feel like this is jeopardizing
Your sobriety.
Danny Couser: I mean, honestly, like that's what my mom biggest concern is, but like i think if it was good to have already
Danny Couser: Done that last time ago like really like I don't know at all. It's not a good fit.
Danny Couser: Guy. Now when I go get high like screw this all the time. You know, it's like I say, I don't know, I feel like I'm kind of
Danny Couser: lucky that I really don't ever think of us are wanting to I got no slight I might just say I really don't like this about that is amazing.
Danny Couser: It's really amazing. It's not. It is
Danny Couser: So,
Danny Couser: It's a
Danny Couser: SEC because you're not a person to realize she's got a real rock screwed up pastors got her own bag. Again, their own baggage like everybody but like I said, I just need the stability part and
Danny Couser: She'll admit to her wrong say sorry you know be great for like literally like three or four days. It's like a miracle. I swear to God, it's like
Day.
Danny Couser: Lynch right back at it again.
Shawn Phalen: Um, well, you know, Narcisse have a really hard time staying consistent
Danny Couser: And they have a really hard time apologize and NBA being accountable. And usually what they do is they push it all on the person that they're
Danny Couser: Actually, exactly. It's like, and I mean I literally, I mean, she's like doubting myself, but I know hundred percent, no doubt, no that's BS and now you're gonna tell me why can't you just be normal. You always have to go screw everything up and just start something and I'm like, wait, what
Danny Couser: Yeah, and I and I'm just saying she always says that kind of stuff. Like when nobody else can hear. Nobody else know that, you know,
Danny Couser: But the, the actual crap of, like, oh yeah, just like you going out to lunch every day with your girls. That's why you won't show me your phone at what am I
Danny Couser: NEVER ASKED TO SEE MY PHONE, YOU KNOW, SHE IS painting this Picasso painting for whoever's close to here, it's, I mean she did public they gather day in front of the bank. You know, it's just like
Danny Couser: It's just like, because it's self paced. I was just like, literally just like puncture as possible and like leg. I'm like, Oh my God, we use like an interesting. Oh my god, you did a pilot. I don't trust it. She's like saying it in front of some guy. What do you want me to call me. I'm like,
Danny Couser: I'm like Nikki please wait to knock dish. This is not fun. It's not like you're taking it too far. And it's just like stone wall no getting through to her, like, it's good to see
Danny Couser: You later say no. Totally leveling with whatsoever.
Shawn Phalen: So I think you need to really think about
What it is.
Danny Couser: Seeing her and I think you have to really start to
Danny Couser: Evaluate maybe reevaluating
Danny Couser: I'm doing over and over again.
Danny Couser: For some stupid, stupid reason I just, I don't know. It just had no idea. Except, like I said, it sounds stupid but like when it's good. It's like phenomenal. But like I said, like maybe a few days, at most, you know, it's like, That's pathetic, you know. Yeah, so
Shawn Phalen: I think you would be well served in
Danny Couser: Doing some self reflecting and looking at
Shawn Phalen: What kind of relationship that you really want to be in. And is this the person that you wanna spend your time with because
Shawn Phalen: You know you don't want to get in a situation
Danny Couser: It's something happens in the cops are called and then ship goes down, and then you got a whole nother issue on your hands, you know, and it seems like she's
Danny Couser: In the moment she gets
Very riled up and she can't on herself down, she doesn't have those coping skills.
Danny Couser: And so you need to be careful about situations that you find yourself in with her and
Shawn Phalen: You know you're in early sobriety and
Danny Couser: your focus should be you.
Danny Couser: And your staying clean and
Shawn Phalen: A life for yourself that you want and that you deserve.
Sometimes it's scary.
Danny Couser: Chiang
Danny Couser: mai trashy, like I say I'm a very on like thinker analyzer and all this nap. But I don't vocalize it. I feel like it's absolutely necessary, you know,
Danny Couser: And have like almost too thick of the filters like her. Like if she's just like, Oh, why are you do that. Like, like, like, like women don't like guys that do that. I'm like, wow, really, like, like, are you serious like
Danny Couser: Anybody could have just went without you saying that like that that really have like an issue.
Danny Couser: Versus like why do you think she doesn't have friends as they get angel groups.
Danny Couser: pardon my language. She's just a pitch.
Danny Couser: Pitch and
Danny Couser: Like you said, like I tried to tell you, likes to be careful with her. She makes him last night that she can order to get along. And that's it. She did exactly that, like, real demand for it solid two months, you know, to create a taco.
Danny Couser: TV Land in a
Danny Couser: House every day, left to right. What else is going on like
Danny Couser: Am I good I mean is that is that an artist or Mike Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah.
Sir, very
Danny Couser: Charming. In the beginning, you know, there are various they they come across as very fun and very caring and and loving all of your flaws, you're
Danny Couser: Like me I smoke cigarettes and they're like, oh yeah, like this most secret actually Nikita like guy can't skanks Nike. Nike, it's just like, I'm like, Okay, here's my from one extreme to the
Danny Couser: Other extreme like how like she's
Danny Couser: Like I said, I really heard of the word ours. I like Jesse said I was
Danny Couser: Like I have to Google.
Danny Couser: And I'm like, Okay, that's really a mind.
Danny Couser: He said,
Danny Couser: What do I do now, but
Shawn Phalen: So our sister, a lot of projecting
Yes.
Danny Couser: And that's, that's really what they do is they project and they sort of suck the energy out of the room and they suck the energy out of the person that you're with.
And
You need to really
You know, I suggest you think about this. Think about
What's good for you.
Danny Couser: She gave me an ultimatum, like, you know, like a
Danny Couser: Free
Danny Couser: Make a phone call or program or anything.
Danny Couser: Like
Danny Couser: That whole
Danny Couser: Something at least something today or get your stuff and go
Danny Couser: Like, okay, well,
Danny Couser: I called the county access
Danny Couser: Right.
Danny Couser: Side of the heart. Talk to the doctor. The next morning.
Danny Couser: I don't know.
Danny Couser: Like that. I think that was kind of
Danny Couser: My decision is that I feel like she's a good person that has experience or much for me to get clean pretending it's not all that, you know, I mean, I don't
Danny Couser: Add gets the best to me, big time to come to, like, all this sort of
Shawn Phalen: Hey, how long can you stay here, Mom.
Danny Couser: Always said doors open flame, but I'm literally like on the couch two bedroom apartment 500 people there, you know. Yeah, so that's, to me, that's the other day. It's like out to sound like a music player but yeah I mean I have a place to stay in my portion to read
Danny Couser: And obviously, it's much comfortable being in the master bedroom stuff that
Danny Couser: Obviously,
Danny Couser: This boy.
Shawn Phalen: Maybe
Shawn Phalen: You know, maybe, maybe stay at your mom's for a little bit longer kind of think about
Danny Couser: This your head clear
Danny Couser: Maybe, keep your distance from her for a couple more days and just kind of see where you are with things.
Because this is really like we talked about this last time. I think it's like, now it's about creating a life.
Danny Couser: Right, making healthy choices and healthy decisions for yourself.
Danny Couser: And it might do in that baby like almost like torture myself. I put up with her, like, because it's kinda like what I was used to
Danny Couser: It. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Totally. And what it is, what it is is a familiar here.
Shawn Phalen: You know, it's, it's like when you're when your life is, you know, in chaos and you're
Shawn Phalen: You're making losing and you're making that
Decision.
Shawn Phalen: And you're around people that
Danny Couser: Don't make great decisions, either because most of your friends are going to be people that use and your relationships are going to just be crazy. And I'm helping
Danny Couser: That's what you know.
Danny Couser: And so now it's about making, making
Danny Couser: Changes.
Shawn Phalen: Knowing
Danny Couser: That you don't have to live.
Shawn Phalen: That life.
Danny Couser: Of chaos that
Danny Couser: Your listings were using
Shawn Phalen: And so yeah, all this stuff feels very familiar to you.
Shawn Phalen: Know, and so you have to think about what would it be like to be in a relationship. There's no trauma and bullshit going on.
Danny Couser: That's okay, as my exit in her broke up because I couldn't get it. I get blind to Capri Sun would like to start going to Methadone clinic a bit templates. About two months before after I got done I really started or
Danny Couser: She was to get like never taught me the x ray that I can help us find a familiar stupid dumb. Sure. Other than that, I mean they're equal phenomenal. He knows, really, the only reason why, and it
Is
Danny Couser: And I think I like I try to make it make you knows. Like, I think she knows that because I made. Okay, yeah, great Nikki's more attractive than, like, I don't like look, sir. Whenever the bonus. I'd rather go for a much deeper connection and that
Danny Couser: I think Nikki knows that. Because I mean, soon as far as like going on Facebook and like you know like screen shutting up
Danny Couser: And like I'm a guy like it is fat weekend. Bye bye. I'm like,
Danny Couser: I haven't even seen a picture were in like four or five years and on my okay yeah students a few pounds. I've been there but like I mean, who cares what what's your point.
Danny Couser: Exactly like it just, you know, just like attacking her like disparate like cycle. I mean, she's just a file bully like to it like I'm a manager over 683 hundred pounds in isolation. It's stuff.
Danny Couser: That means you
Danny Couser: Verbally slammed with anybody right without hesitation.
Danny Couser: I mean even her. She told me that I should like eight year old son, Tommy. We're in talks with them, the one time and these shoes literally in the room.
Danny Couser: Two Boys sitting on the bed, two feet away from as she's just reading, reading back through, like, I'm just going to cancel the boat tomorrow.
Danny Couser: Tags drug addict Caroline champion like like right there for kids, you know, they're active Microsoft asleep but they're not, you know, and
Danny Couser: It's like we had a reservation grow Boca DE In addition to this really interested in, and I was just like, Okay. Oh yeah, sure. Right okay Nikki like that was not going to feed into
Danny Couser: Your partner together. I'm like, yeah. And all because I wanted to go out for a cigarette before bed. She had a way to
Danny Couser: Like, that's what started it like this is great. This is great. My step mom, my dad,
Yeah, so I think you need to think about this.
Danny Couser: You really really want to be around somebody like this because I can tell that it's really affecting me and it's really stressing you out.
Danny Couser: Like, I mean, I'm already questioning like every last time we talked
Danny Couser: And I said, I got a short fuse. You know, like, like honestly like I kind of gathered that much is her
Danny Couser: Influence, they got like saying, I'm like, Okay, I'm sure views by considering like in the last what 30 seconds, but you've also been
Danny Couser: Going on and on. It's a low is low blows to the last 3045 minutes and then now it's just I got
Danny Couser: Stuck last nerve. How is it now I'm screaming at you. Okay, bye. I'm leaving and taking a walk out again around the block power of anytime. It's just
Danny Couser: Me and her sisters to I. I honestly like, I know you would it but like the way she talks to you, dude. I don't want to just say, Screw it take me to get me to have a life. And I would just, I would lose it. Did I would just have to not like
Danny Couser: Not seriously but you know kind of see that that is just unreal, she's been here balls like a like a speed bag. Dude, I am. Can you believe it's
Danny Couser: Better now, and she comes running to them like oh my god I can't believe this guy like talk to me. I've never had a guy talk to me on my, I highly, HIGHLY DOUBT THAT THOUGH guy got
Shawn Phalen: She's trying to get a rise out of you.
Danny Couser: And the cruise ship in the world. Like, I mean after I'd really like talking to a real number like great cup Steadicam second like a like honestly like
Danny Couser: I don't say this, not like it's like I care what you think probably too much. Unfortunately, because you really the only person I really like talk to you before I started working for that, but
Danny Couser: It seems like everything exactly what I wanted to do. I believe the benefit of it.
It's like
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so why don't we do this.
Danny Couser: I've been literally chop down the days.
Shawn Phalen: Do you Wednesday.
Danny Couser: Yes.
Shawn Phalen: So like 630
Yeah.
Danny Couser: Okay, can you do Wednesday the 25th. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so here's what I want you to do. I want you to take a really deep breath here.
Danny Couser: I want you to really think about
What you want
Danny Couser: I want you to really, really, really think about this. Okay, for
Danny Couser: Me.
Danny Couser: Out of sorted all
Danny Couser: All these habits thoughts.
Danny Couser: Overwhelming place during YC
Danny Couser: Take a couple of days. Okay, just like take a, take a
Try not to think about it up in a space where you're
Shawn Phalen: Like
Danny Couser: Trying to have limited contact with her.
Shawn Phalen: And get your calm down.
Shawn Phalen: And give it a couple of days and then start to think about, okay, how do I want to see what is the best for me and not take
Danny Couser: This is really critical for you.
Shawn Phalen: In terms of thinking about what's going to be good for you and for your future okay because
Danny Couser: The reality of this is if you stay with her. This is your
Shawn Phalen: Reality. This is
Danny Couser: Your future with her.
Danny Couser: I can tell you right now that it is most likely never going to change.
Shawn Phalen: Ever. Okay.
Danny Couser: I know that
Shawn Phalen: And I know you don't want to say that that's why I want you to take a couple of days kind of think about this, take some deep breaths. Do whatever you need.
Danny Couser: To whatever is to that you like to do. Okay, really critical that you do this. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: There's no magic.
Danny Couser: Trick, you might have to go through this comfort and the emotional pain of this because it's painful.
Danny Couser: But you just have to let yourself know that you're going to get through it and that it's gonna be okay. And I will work with you and we will get through this together. No, I will help you make, you're not alone and
Danny Couser: That's my biggest fear like
Danny Couser: Much with social I've
Danny Couser: Dealt with very many years.
Danny Couser: Obviously that's
Shawn Phalen: So remember, REMEMBER THAT YOU'RE REBUILDING YOUR LIFE. Okay. And so it's going to take some baby steps here.
Shawn Phalen: You know, like you don't have a great support system. I mean, you have your mom and your sisters. Good.
With your neck.
Shawn Phalen: But the next step is to get you to where you're doing stuff for people that are
Danny Couser: Not using your to expand your life a little expand your social group you know you you know we want to get you steady and stable and grounded and that's why it's so critical that a focus on you and what's good for you.
Danny Couser: Okay, and then we'll talk in two weeks. And if
Danny Couser: You
Danny Couser: If you're running into trouble. Just call call them transformative time to meet with you.
Shawn Phalen: Alright, so don't worry. We'll get through this.
Danny Couser: Yes. Okay. Okay.
Okay. All right.
Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Genevieve Crawford: Hello.
Sorry.
There.
Shawn Phalen: What's happening I'm talking a while feels like it's been a really long time.
Genevieve Crawford: I know, I think, I think it was in December.
Genevieve Crawford: Before the holidays. Yeah, I've just been really busy at work and then
Genevieve Crawford: I'm especially like in work mode right now, some hour, and this was just like a really busy week
Genevieve Crawford: So I can't like chat for all that long. But on the whole, like things are going well like
Genevieve Crawford: I'm making more of an effort to do things outside of work to like have fun and like
Genevieve Crawford: Cultivate like passions and then make friends. And I've been going to some synergistic women's network stuff. And that's been really nice and then starting to think about applying to business school like
Genevieve Crawford: Getting excited about that. My brother's currently at Stanford Business School, and he's having a really good experience. And I think that would just be a really great like interlude to really focus on myself and like
Genevieve Crawford: Yes, like to start preparing for that too. So that'll kind of diminish fun in the
Genevieve Crawford: Like short term until I can like take my gra or G man G my Asian stuff. So overall, just like super busy, but things are positive.
Shawn Phalen: So if you what's the timeframe on that. Do you have a time frame when you'd like to
Start like when, when would you want to start school
Genevieve Crawford: And that would be in 2021 like September of 2021 so I have to submit my application by this September. So, okay, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: And then, so then you would obviously still continue working where you're working right.
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah and there's a day. I also had my performance review, since we last spoke, and it was really positive and really encouraging and
Genevieve Crawford: feel really good about it. And I mean there's a chance that especially as a woman in there so few women in this field.
Genevieve Crawford: If they really do continue to like me and the way that they do, they might pay for business school and then have me come back, which would be pretty cool.
Shawn Phalen: And when is that a two year program.
Yeah.
Genevieve Crawford: That's exciting. Yeah, so all a lot of stuff to look forward to. But I mean I have to really work for it but you know I like to work so
Genevieve Crawford: Problem.
Shawn Phalen: And okay so overall like how's your any depression and anxiety fatigue. What's happening with that.
Genevieve Crawford: Will increase my flocks mean dose. Two weeks ago, and I'm still kind of like going to the adjustment period. So I went from 50 milligrams to 100 milligrams, so have some like kind of najah and like sleep disruptions.
Genevieve Crawford: But I think that'll probably start to subside sin, but I feel like, oh, for all my anxiety is down, but I think that's also like feeling more established in San Francisco. And my job and like my new life here.
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah, so I don't know like things are coming together pretty well. It seems like it.
Genevieve Crawford: So you're feeling like you're connecting a little bit better socially and outside of work and creating time for yourself to do things that give you joy and fulfillment. Yeah.
Genevieve Crawford: My next step is like working on incorporating exercise. Okay, cool. That's always good. So does your life feel more balanced now.
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah, I mean, it's still
Genevieve Crawford: Like not it's not perfect by any means. And it like fluctuates, but I think I'm making gradual progress towards that. And I know that I have a way to go.
Genevieve Crawford: But I'm starting to feel more confident about like putting myself out there. Yeah. That's awesome. I've noticed I can tell there's there's a definite difference, you know, and
Shawn Phalen: So, Tommy. Like, how, how were the holidays for you. I think you were leaving to go on a family trip. I don't know if we talked since then.
Genevieve Crawford: Um, well, I just went home to Colorado for the holidays. And then I went to New Mexico with my boyfriend. So he met my parents for the first time after Christmas.
Genevieve Crawford: And that was really fun and it was really nice to be home like to my brother wasn't there excuse traveling for business school. But just having the family all together was like really great and just super relaxed.
Genevieve Crawford: So you had you had like two weeks off right
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah, I had to work like a bit, but it wasn't like overbearing so I really got the chance to like unwind and rest and just kind of like focus on being president with my family. Okay. Sounds good to me.
Shawn Phalen: Um, okay. Anything else that you that you want to go over
Genevieve Crawford: No, I like
Genevieve Crawford: Granted, I do have like a presentation tomorrow, so I'm kind of like stress about that but
Genevieve Crawford: Trying to think of like
Genevieve Crawford: Good to discuss i don't know i i think i've
Genevieve Crawford: Kind of since I stepped into this role, especially being one of the only women. I have some performance anxiety, especially with public speaking. So I'm trying to find ways to like overcome that.
Shawn Phalen: So you have a presentation tomorrow. And who's the presentation to
Genevieve Crawford: Its to the investment committee so it's like 30 men like around like a big board table.
Genevieve Crawford: Of like varying ages, but mostly like white men in their 30s, 40s to 50s, so it's it's pretty daunting.
Genevieve Crawford: Can be done that before.
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah, I've had to give presentations like every couple of weeks, and I've definitely been improving over time, but so is scary.
Scary.
Genevieve Crawford: Sometimes it's helpful for you just look at it like you're having a conversation. Yeah.
Only you're just doing the talking, you know, kind of like when you're out. You're like, I don't know.
At a party or an event and you're just like,
Genevieve Crawford: You just look at it like you're talking to somebody and you're doing what you need to explain and you're presenting it that way, and
Genevieve Crawford: That's always what I would do when I had to interview you know I would just
Genevieve Crawford: I would just look at it as kind of like a social event, but a more formal social event and yeah know where I was just kind of selling myself and my experience and my skills. And so that has always helped me in the past.
Perfect them at so many
So,
Shawn Phalen: Kind of like with
Shawn Phalen: As you do it, you know, you obviously you get more experience and you get more comfortable and
Genevieve Crawford: All that other stuff. Yes, I'm sure you'll do fine.
Genevieve Crawford: There you'll be very prepared. What, what time is it tomorrow.
Genevieve Crawford: I'm not sure what time. Exactly. I'll be presenting up but we have a meeting from like 9am to 2PM all know like kind of where my presentation falls.
Genevieve Crawford: In a couple of hours. Probably, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: That's a long meeting.
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah, seriously.
Genevieve Crawford: Hopefully it won't go that long, but
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, well, how do you like what do you thinking, Are you wanting to just kind of check in every month or what do you want to do.
Genevieve Crawford: Think that makes sense, just like check in every month.
Shawn Phalen: Because it does seem like
Shawn Phalen: You know, it does seem
Like
First, man.
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah, definitely. Yeah.
Genevieve Crawford: So,
Shawn Phalen: I think that
Genevieve Crawford: We could just do one for one just to kind of keep connected and just do these chickens and just to where you are. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: All right, you want to do march 11 which is a Wednesday.
Genevieve Crawford: Let me just look at my schedule really quick.
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah, I could do that.
Shawn Phalen: Eight o'clock.
Genevieve Crawford: Eight o'clock. Does that work for you or do you want to do. Yes.
Genevieve Crawford: It is better. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, sounds. Sounds good. I'm
Shawn Phalen: Good luck tomorrow.
Genevieve Crawford: Thank you. I appreciate the advice and next time we meet all like, hopefully I've had more time to like sit down and kind of put a list of things to talk about together, but it's been crazy week
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, you know, just sort of, you know, just jot down stuff that you want to talk about something, you know, things that you think would
You know, be beneficial and helpful for you to bring into this session and
Genevieve Crawford: Sometimes you'll have stuff. Other times you want. I mean, if you don't, that's not a bad thing. It just means that things are going really well for us. You know, yeah.
Genevieve Crawford: That's a good way to look at it.
Genevieve Crawford: All right, you will. I guess I'll talk to you then. Okay.
Genevieve Crawford: All right, take care. Thanks. You too.